inject css 3 (#104)
argos-ci/docs: docs/learn/injecting-css.mdx

# Injecting CSS

> Learn how to inject CSS before taking a screenshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discover how to implement CSS that is specifically evaluated during the screenshot process with Argos.
```

> In addition to [Argos built-in helpers](https://argos-ci.com/docs/argos-helpers#helpers), Argos offer the possibility to inject custom CSS applied during the screenshot process. It can be helpful for complex use cases that produce flaky visual diffs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to [built-in helpers](https://argos-ci.com/docs/argos-helpers#helpers), Argos offers the possibility to add custom CSS evaluated during the screenshot process. It can be helpful for complex use cases that produce flaky visual diffs.
```

## Custom CSS Injection

> All our SDKs supports an `argosCSS` options that allows you to specify custom CSS evaluated during the screenshot phase. The style will be removed from the page after the screenshot is taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All our SDKs supports an `argosCSS` options that allows you to specify custom CSS evaluated during the screenshot process. The style will be removed from the page after the screenshot is taken.
```

```ts
// Define CSS
const CUSTOM_STYLE = `iframe { display: none; }`;

// Usage in Playwright and Puppeteer
await argosScreenshot(page, "my-screenshot", { argosCSS: CUSTOM_STYLE });

// Usage in Cypress

> cy.argosScreenshot("my-screenshot", { argosCSS: CUSTOM_STYLE });

Reviewer: ```ts
// Usage in Playwright or Puppeteer
await argosScreenshot(page, "my-screenshot", {
  argosCSS: `iframe { display: none; }`
});

// Usage in Cypress
cy.argosScreenshot("my-screenshot", {
  argosCSS: `iframe { display: none; }`
});
```

```

> ## Argos-Specific Styles

Reviewer: `## Add CSS in your code`
